


tell me about yourself.



Explain Me About Your Managing Experiences?



Are you feeling nervous right now?




This organisation is started one and half years ago with a wide vision and unique presence.

we are here to stand out of the crowd.


we operate with a good culture and we focus on automation.

We at tandoori house value every employee.

we believe in a flexible corporate culture and are ready to adapt for requisite 
situations according to the changing conditions in seasons and projects.

we tend to train every employee to be the best at his title and learn everyday

we would like every employee to enjoy his work alongside maintain his responsibility

we would like experimenting new practices both in food and operational system.

tandoori house is a place where it  is most enjoyable and challenging to work with.



JOB DESCRIPTION:
as a manager you have to maintain a good culture among the employees.

you have to track and keep up with the performance of every employee.

you have to take wise decisions for hiring/firing of staff to maintain the performance and standards of the restaurant.

you have the financial responsibility and control the expenditure of restaurant.

you should be accountable for the performance objectives.


you will be leading the whole team.

you have to bring the work atmosphere and strenghten your team.


you have to motivate them and make sure every body and every detail is being attended carefully.




 

tell me,what do you believe is the role of a restaurant manager?




Tell Me What Is Your Best Skill As A Manager?



when will you be holding pre shift meetings and what will you cover in those meetings?





Tell Me What Are Your Inventory Techniques?




Tell Me Why Are You Leaving Your Last Position?




Tell Me What's Your Philosophy Towards Work?




Explain What Promotion Experiences Do You Have?




Suppose Food Cost Rise Above 40%, What Will You Do To Lower The Cost?





Tell Us What Is Your Expected Salary As Restaurant Manager?





Explain Me About Your Worst Confrontation With A Customer?




Tell Us What Part Of The Job Do You Dislike? What Would You Change?





Explain What New Trends Have You Discovered In The Food Industry?




 Do You Know What Are Top 3 Skills For Restaurant Supervisor?




 Tell Us Have You Ever Been Late To Open The Doors At A Restaurant Before?




 Tell Me About Your Long-term Career Goals For Restaurant Supervisor?




Tell Me What Trends Would You Like To Implement At This Restaurant?



Suppose You See A Server Ready To Take A Burnt Dish To A Customer, What Do You Do?



Tell Me What Do You Believe Is The Role Of The Manager?



Explain Your Qualifications As An Assistant Manager?



Explain What Do You Know About Our Restaurant?



Explain Me Why Do You Find The Job Interesting Or Exciting?



Explain Me Why Are You The Best Candidate For Us?



Tell Us What Would You Improve In Our Restaurant?



Suppose Any Dish Is Not Selling, What Will You Discuss With The Chef?



Tell Us What Are Some Of Your Most Proud Accomplishments At Your Last Position?



 Tell Me How Long Will You Stay With Our Company?



Tell Us Where Do You See Our Restaurant Going If You Were To Take The Helm?

There is nothing called second in my list i always wanted to lead a restaurant which is unique in the
style world class atmosphere , best service and delicious food. and once we have all this in out kitty as i am leading
team. crown will take care of us.


Explain How Would You Deal With An Employee Who Is Not Meeting Expectations?


Tell Me What Would You Do To Prepare For A Health Inspection?


Explain How Would You Motivate Staff Working In Our Restaurant?


Explain What Are Most Common Mistakes For This Job And How To Solve Them?


Explain Me Top 3 Of Your Greatest Weaknesses That Related To Restaurant Supervisor? And
How Do You Improve Them?


Explain Me About Your Cost-control Abilities?


 Explain What Makes You An Effective Manager?


Tell Me As Part Of Your Previous Management Experience, Did You Make Reports And
Presentations For The Senior Management?



Explain Why Did You Have To Fire Someone, Or Explain To Me Your Worst Employee At Your
Last Restaurant?



Explain How Would You Manage A Shift That Is Understaffed?



Explain What Have You Learned From Mistakes At Other Positions?


For Your Information, We Are Struggling With Leadership In Our Restaurant, How Will Your
Leadership Make Us Better?





As You Know Inventory Reports, Revenue Reports, Payroll Reports, Etc, Are Very Important
To Us, How Can You Demonstrate To Me How You Will Handle This With Precision And Keeping Them
Most Up-to-date?


Explain Me What Challenges Are You Looking For In This Position?




Explain Me About The Last Restaurant You Worked At?



Explain What Makes You The Best Candidate For This Position?




Tell Me What Are Some Ways You Deal With Customer Complaints?




Tell Me What Experiences Do You Have In The Restaurant Field?




Explain How Well Do You Get To Know The Customers That Visit Your Establishment?



 Tell Me Which Thing Is More Important - Money Or Work?



Tell Us Why Do You Think That The Position Of An Assistant Manager Is Important For The
Company?




Explain A Typical Work Week For A Management Position?




Explain Do You Have Experience Hiring And/or Firing Personnel?




What Irritates You About Co-employees?




 Tell Me What Are The Key Tasks For Restaurant Supervisor?



Explain What Are Your Goals For My Restaurant?



Tell Me Do You Enjoy Talking To Customers?




Explain Me What Is Your Greatest Strength?



Explain Me A Situation Where A Customer Was Upset And You Handled The Situation?




how do you see yourself with us?



Do you have anything to ask?


